So I've been blessed to have at least somebody at every command that I
can tow, lean into whether it was N. C. One on a ship or whether it's
just my direct supervisor as a chaplain. But I try to surround myself
with people who I respect. Maybe they are not like me. Maybe they're
different denomination or ethnicity, or they have different beliefs
or thoughts. But I respect them for their accomplishments and
the things they do. So it really depends on where I'm stationed, because
along the lines of somebody who wants to support you, there are
always people who are going to doubt you and say that you can't do
it or giving excuse why. So you have to have discernment and who you're
talking thio and understand. Those are the people that you want
to follow.